Apply templating on alert notifications on OK state (#47355)
grafana/grafana: pkg/services/ngalert/CHANGELOG.md

## Grafana Alerting - main / unreleased

- [CHANGE] Prometheus Compatible API: Use float-like values for `api/prometheus/grafana/api/v1/alerts` and `api/prometheus/grafana/api/v1/rules` instead of the evaluation string #47216

> - [BUGFIX] Templates: Parse notification templates when going from `Alerting` to `OK` in legacy alerting #47355

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BUGFIX] (Legacy) Templates: Parse notification templates using all the matches of the alert rule when going from `Alerting` to `OK` #47355
```
